README.md, before:

# @breejs/api

[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/breejs/api.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/breejs/api)
[![code coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/breejs/api.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/breejs/api)
[![code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-XO-5ed9c7.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo)
[![styled with prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled_with-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![made with lad](https://img.shields.io/badge/made_with-lad-95CC28.svg)](https://lad.js.org)

> An API for Bree.

## Table of Contents


## Install

[npm][]:

```sh
npm install @breejs/api
```

[yarn][]:

```sh
yarn add @breejs/api
```

## Usage

Extend bree with the plugin:

```js
Bree.extend(require('@breejs/api').plugin);

const bree = new Bree(config);
```

The API will start automatically when the Bree constructor is called.

## Options

| Option |  Type  | Description                      |
|:------:|:------:|----------------------------------|
|  port  | Number | The port the API will listen on. |

## API

Check out the [API Docs](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/17142435/TzzDLbNG).

## Contributors


## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © [Nick Baugh](http://niftylettuce.com/)

##

Commit message:

feat: add jwt.secret option

README.md, after:

# @breejs/api

[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/breejs/api.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/breejs/api)
[![code coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/breejs/api.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/breejs/api)
[![code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-XO-5ed9c7.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo)
[![styled with prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled_with-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![made with lad](https://img.shields.io/badge/made_with-lad-95CC28.svg)](https://lad.js.org)

> An API for Bree.

## Table of Contents


## Install

[npm][]:

```sh
npm install @breejs/api
```

[yarn][]:

```sh
yarn add @breejs/api
```

## Usage

Extend bree with the plugin:

```js
Bree.extend(require('@breejs/api').plugin);

const bree = new Bree(config);
```

The API will start automatically when the Bree constructor is called.

## Options

| Option |  Type  | Description                                                                                  |
|:------:|:------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  port  | Number | The port the API will listen on.                                                             |
|   jwt  | Object | Configurations for JWT. Only option is `secret` which will be the secret used to verify JWT. |

## API

Check out the [API Docs](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/17142435/TzzDLbNG).

## Contributors


## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © [Nick Baugh](http://niftylettuce.com/)

##
